in order to prepare my hair for this
hairstyle I have washed and texturize
that last night using my favorite
styling mousse and today i just had to
volumize it's using cell group rollers
and they've also kissed it near the
roots to get this additional volume I
talked about this techniques in detail
in yet another tutorial of mine so those
who's interested can check it out and
I'll give you the link to this tutorial
in this sidebar the hairstyle that we're
going to create today is a great
hairstyle for school it will definitely
make you look very special and unique
and it can be easily transformed into
hairstyle for special occasions of that
i'm going to show you in a moment we
want to create a twist that goes from
one year to another and we're going to
create it by taking small strands of
hair from the bottom and from the top
and crossing them along this line so we
take small strands of hair from the top
and we cross it with small strands of
hair from the bottom would press at this
point but would cross them and then we
take hits another small strands of hair
from the top bring it down small strands
of hair from the bottom goes up would
press it there and proceed like this
towards the second year so and each time
we cross two strands of hair and press
our finger at the point where they cross
once i reach my ear i'm going to take
this hair from the twist merge it with
the hair that remains split it into
sections and start creating a fishtail
braid as you can see I take a small
strands of hair from the outside of each
section bring it under this section and
add it to the opposite section we're in
do the same thing again I take a small
strands of hair from the outside I bring
it under this section and I added to the
opposite sex
once the fishtail braid is ready we can
either leave this hairstyle like this
and just go to school I think it's
perfect for this purpose work we can
further accessorize it and where this
purpose I really like this very long and
beautiful ribbon I'm going to turn it
around my head twice as you can see the
long ends of this very beautiful Reba
actually serve as yet additional
decorative elements for this hairstyle
we can further transform it into a bun
so all we have to do is to prate till
the very end and then roll this braid
like size to create a bond we want to
secure this bond near the ear using hair
pins once you've secured your bun you're
basically ready to go I hope that you
enjoyed my tutorial today and I thank
you very much for watching my mind
you